You are the one who came back from the dead. What is your identity?
Who wouldn't dare to take the role? If the old man doesn't come, he'll be dead.
That's your fault for taking so long.
Then you think the old man is my disease, so why is that so?
I didn’t run away either, thank you, thank you.
This bastard only calls other people raw blood,
What kind of bullshit business is this?
I haven’t learned countless things since I was a child,
How can you start a business as an old man?
If you feel guilty, can you eat Mr. Ma Ben?
When you were young
I hate you too much in my heart and brain
This is not a guilty conscience
Maybe empty
Since he is a man
That means something is wrong, Xiaozhucoin
If you can eat, run away from my house
Become a strong-willed person, right?
I just have a secret
There are also marriages that are mislawed
I'll check you everywhere
Unable to die
secret of truth
Just what